Docs/SPE 260: update and reorganize telemetry metric references (#21965)
hashicorp/vault: website/content/partials/telemetry-metrics/vault/replication/rpc/client/create_token_register_auth_lease.mdx

### vault.replication.rpc.client.create_token_register_auth_lease ((#vault-replication-rpc-client-create_token_register_auth_lease))

Metric type | Value | Description
----------- | ----- | -----------

> summary     | ms    | Time required to complete a token create request for the client

Reviewer: ```suggestion
summary     | ms    | Time required to complete a register auth token request for the client
```
